Deprecated namespaced UDAs; promote legacy UDAs to be default (#540) (#545)
GothenburgBitFactory/taskchampion: docs/src/tasks.md

Reviewer: Would it make more sense to just remove this paragraph than to expand upon a deprecated concept?

Reviewer 2: I suspect the entire "Namespaced UDAs" section could be omitted. I don't know of anything that was using these, so I doubt there's much need for rationalization. Some of that text could perhaps be moved to the commit message and/or PR description.

For example, applications that synchronize tasks with other systems such as calendars or team planning services might store unique identifiers for those systems as UDAs.
The application defining a UDA defines the format of the value.

#### Namespaced UDAs

When TaskChampion was first implemented there was an idea to only use namespaced

> keys in the future. This was before TaskChampion became Taskwarrior 3, but it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
keys in the future. This was before TaskChampion was integrated into Taskwarrior 3, but it
```
